Catwoman, Poison Ivy, and Harley Quinn have teamed up to Capture Batman. They have them all tied up. They were considering taking off his mask first. But all three of the girls are perverts and Catwoman was like 'lets see what he's packing first', and she pull down his pants.

They'res a solid bulge. On his underwear there's a bat symbol. Poison Ivy says 'my my Batman, you certainly aren't compensating with that huge Batmobile of yours'.

Batman was like 'I would put those back on if I were you' with a scowl. The three girls tease him before Harley Quinn says 'ok ok, funs over' and slips Batman's pants back up. Once she's gotten his pants all the way up, she quickly puts her fingers inside the elastic of Batman's underwear and whips both his underwear and pants down in one motion, exposing his Batcock to them.

All three girls laugh at Harley Quinns antics, but at the same time impressed. His cock induced the same sort of awe that Batman's presence and personality did; it had a strong gravity. They've wondered for years what Batman's cock looks like and the finally get to see. When they came to their senses,they finally decided to take off his mask.
But before they could reach for their mask, Batman says 'wait, there's something I want to show you'. And starts developing a Bat-erection.

The girls were impressed into silence. The is the cock of the most dominant man in their lives. They had to explore it with their hands. Then with their faces, then necks, then breasts, and finally their mouths.

At first taking turns, but then like selfish hungry puppies, going for it at the same time, which was easily accommodated because of the size of the Batcock.

Catwoman was the first one to start masturbating with her free hand as this was going on, and the first one to orgasm. After that her brain transitioned from animalistic to humanistic, and she had a moment of clarity, she knew something was off.

"Wait, something's not right, Batman would never willingly offer us a boner to play with!".

Batman smirked.

All of a sudden there was an explostion! And the Cock Goblin burst into the room with her hover board and says 'that cock is MINE'. She quickly took Batman by the cock onto her hoverboard and secured him, then flew away much to the extreme anger of the 3 villains.
After the cock goblin had her way with Batman and Batman lost his Boner, the cockgoblin was no longer interested and untied Batman. She gimped away making an satisfied incomprehensible goblin noise.

Batman knew all along.

Batman let himself be captured on purpose so that he can find the location of the bad girls' hideout. He knew the girls were perverts and would like to get a look at the goods, and that if he were to get a boner they wouldn't interrupt him until he was at full erection.

He had studied the girls quite well and had their psychology down to a tee. For example, he looked at all the notes the psychologist had on file during their time in Arkham Asylum. Although the girls were efficient, diligent, and brilliant tacticians, he knew that they have self control issues, and that if he gets an erection, it wouldn't be long before they give in to their animalistic desires and would start to play with it.

He knew all along that if the girls started playing with his boner, it'll just be a matter of time before the Cock Goblin came to steal him. And after she stole him, she would loose interest as soon as he lost his boner. Batman knew all along, and now he had the location of their secret hideout. He smugly smiled.

Batman always plans ahead.